README.md, before:

# Miteve (Frontend Web)

<section>
  <!-- REPO INFORMATION -->
  <a href="https://github.com/sh4dow18/miteve">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/2.0.0%20Beta%205-00AA00?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&labelColor=gray" alt="RELEASE" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sh4dow18/mateory/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT%20LICENSE-0066AA?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=gray" alt="LICENSE" />
  </a>
  <!-- TECNOLOGIES -->
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-3F873F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="NodeJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://react.dev">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-14809A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="ReactJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="NextJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="Typescript" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="Tailwind CSS" />
  </a>
</section>

## <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/eyes/32.jpg" alt="OVERVIEW" height="20"/> Overview

**Miteve** is a web tool that helps you have your own **Netflix at Home** so you can enjoy all your downloaded content in one place and over the internet.

### <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/key/32.jpg" alt="LICENSE" height="18"/> License

This project is licensed under **The MIT License**.

If you want to know about this license, click
**[here](https://opensource.org/license/mit)**

### <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/hammer_and_wrench/32.jpg" alt="STACK" height="18"/> Stack

[NODE_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-3F873F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[NODE_URL]: https://nodejs.org/
[REACT_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-14809A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[REACT_URL]: https://react.dev
[NEXTJS_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[NEXTJS_URL]: https://nextjs.org
[TYPESCRIPT_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[TYPESCRIPT_URL]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[TAILWIND_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[TAILWIND_URL]: https://tailwindcss.com

| Tech                                              | Description                                                          | Used for                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [![NODEJS][NODE_IMAGE]][NODE_URL]                 | Server-Side JavaScript Runtime Environment                           | Execute NextJS and install it dependencies |
| [![REACTJS][REACT_IMAGE]][REACT_URL]              | JavaScript library for building user interfaces                      | UI Components                              |
| [![NEXTJS][NEXTJS_IMAGE]][NEXTJS_URL]             | React framework for server-rendered applications                     | Front-end and Back-end                     |
| [![TYPESCRIPT][TYPESCRIPT_IMAGE]][TYPESCRIPT_URL] | Typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript       | Variables Types                            |
| [![TAILWIND][TAILWIND_IMAGE]][TAILWIND_URL]       | Utility-first CSS framework for fast and customizable UI development | Styles                                     |

## <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/rocket/32.jpg" alt="STARTED" height="20"/> Full Documentation

To see the complete and updated documentation of this project, you can go to the **Miteve** Main Documentation Page:

- Coming Soon...

Commit message:

add: deepwiki docs in readme
Add Miteve deepwiki docs in readme

README.md, after:

# Miteve (Frontend Web)

<section>
  <!-- REPO INFORMATION -->
  <a href="https://github.com/sh4dow18/miteve">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/2.0.0%20Beta%205-00AA00?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&labelColor=gray" alt="RELEASE" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sh4dow18/mateory/blob/main/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT%20LICENSE-0066AA?style=for-the-badge&labelColor=gray" alt="LICENSE" />
  </a>
  <!-- TECNOLOGIES -->
  <a href="https://nodejs.org/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-3F873F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="NodeJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://react.dev">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-14809A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="ReactJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://nextjs.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="NextJS" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.typescriptlang.org">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="Typescript" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://tailwindcss.com">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray" alt="Tailwind CSS" />
  </a>
</section>

## <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/eyes/32.jpg" alt="OVERVIEW" height="20"/> Overview

**Miteve** is a web tool that helps you have your own **Netflix at Home** so you can enjoy all your downloaded content in one place and over the internet.

### <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/key/32.jpg" alt="LICENSE" height="18"/> License

This project is licensed under **The MIT License**.

If you want to know about this license, click
**[here](https://opensource.org/license/mit)**

### <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/hammer_and_wrench/32.jpg" alt="STACK" height="18"/> Stack

[NODE_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NodeJS-3F873F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[NODE_URL]: https://nodejs.org/
[REACT_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-14809A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[REACT_URL]: https://react.dev
[NEXTJS_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NextJS-0A0A0A?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[NEXTJS_URL]: https://nextjs.org
[TYPESCRIPT_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Typescript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[TYPESCRIPT_URL]: https://www.typescriptlang.org
[TAILWIND_IMAGE]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind%20CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=gray
[TAILWIND_URL]: https://tailwindcss.com

| Tech                                              | Description                                                          | Used for                                   |
| ------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| [![NODEJS][NODE_IMAGE]][NODE_URL]                 | Server-Side JavaScript Runtime Environment                           | Execute NextJS and install it dependencies |
| [![REACTJS][REACT_IMAGE]][REACT_URL]              | JavaScript library for building user interfaces                      | UI Components                              |
| [![NEXTJS][NEXTJS_IMAGE]][NEXTJS_URL]             | React framework for server-rendered applications                     | Front-end and Back-end                     |
| [![TYPESCRIPT][TYPESCRIPT_IMAGE]][TYPESCRIPT_URL] | Typed superset of JavaScript that compiles to plain JavaScript       | Variables Types                            |
| [![TAILWIND][TAILWIND_IMAGE]][TAILWIND_URL]       | Utility-first CSS framework for fast and customizable UI development | Styles                                     |

## <img src="https://emojiapi.dev/api/v1/rocket/32.jpg" alt="STARTED" height="20"/> Full Documentation

To see the documentation of this project, you can go to the **Miteve** DeepWiki Documentation Page: https://deepwiki.com/sh4dow18/miteve-web

More docs will coming soon...
